>> Sarah Drasner: Before
we go into timeline,
I got a question during the break and
one of the question was,
were I used GreenSock with D3 or
would I just use D3?
I actually,
usually use GreenSock with D3, and
even Shirley has started
using GreenSock with D3.
Green Sock in D3 play
really nicely together.
So you get everything on the page like,
remember how I mentioned before, you get
everything there and then you can hide or
reveal things, or move things from there.
So what I'll do is I'll get
everything on the page with D3,
snd then once it's in the DOM I'll
manipulate it with GreenSock.
And you can even like hide things away
with GreenSock and then bring them in.
But D3 has a sense of things
that aren't there yet,
in a way that GreenSock doesn't.
So D3 can kinda create things,
and make things from scratch.
GreenSock can't do that, it just knows,
once it's in the DOM already.
So the only tricky part is making sure
that D3 is done mounting everything,
and then you have access to
it with GreenSock, right?
So you could use CSS to
hide things initially.
Get everything on the page,
like just opacity 0 it.
D3 gets everything on the page.
And then GreenSock you'd go draw
this on and do this cool stuff,
morph this stuff and stuff.